feat: update resources.adoc (#2723)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/resources.adoc

= Resources
:description: Here, you'll find a curated collection of references to help you maximize your productivity and enhance your understanding of Bonita UI Builder. 

{description}

== Bonita UI Builder documentation
* xref:applications:initiation-manual.adoc[Initiation manual] to help you start from scratch and build your first application 
* xref:applications:how-tos-builder.adoc[Guides] to facilitate your usage of Bonita UI Builder
* xref:applications:faq.adoc[FAQ]

 

== Other documentations

> * https://api-documentation.bonitasoft.com/latest/[Bonita API] : designed to help you interact with your Bonita projects and data from Bonita UI Builder

Reviewer: Don't use url in documentation but use variable define in antora.yml (on the root of this project)
```suggestion
* {openApiUrl}/{openApiLatestVersion}[Bonita API] : designed to help you interact with your Bonita projects and data from Bonita UI Builder
```

* Bonita UI Builder has been developed based on Appsmith and modifies some portions of it to integrate with the Bonita Platform. Please refer to Appsmith’s https://docs.appsmith.com/[documentation] in case something is missing in Bonita UI Builder’s

== Templates

> WIP

Reviewer: What about this wip ?

= Resources

> :description:

Reviewer: Add description please
